So with the recipe detail page working as it should.
We can now start working on it and make this added recipe button word so that we're actually able to
edit the recipe and load the recipe in edit mode to do so.
I will first of all need to hook up this edit recipe button.
I'm executing on edit recipe when clicking this button.
So time to implement this method.
Now in the rest of PTSA file in the body of this component here and this is actually a super simple
method.
All I want to do here is I want to execute indef. or used the nav controller to then execute the push
And on this push method I want to push my edit recipe page you need to import this page at the top there
for and Judah's page.
I now need to pass some extra data.
First of all the mode which is set to edit remember'd a mode.
We also set it on our recipes page for this plus button in the nav bar there we passed most new.
Now I am passing mode at it and it will pass some extra information for this case the recipe which is
stored in the recipe property and the index which is stored in the index property year this index of
course use a colon here.
So with that I'm passing the data we need to have to the added recipe page.
Now the next step of course is to edit this page so that we're able to handle both cases.
Creation of a new recipe which you can already do and editing of a recipe what we can do.
Let's start working on this next lecture